Chapter edits from 262 onwards (#1105)
Bittu5134/ORV-Reader: chapters/orv/chap_00280.txt

It was the other dokkaebis who blocked Bihyung rioting alone. After the Demon King Selection, all dokkaebis who operated the channels were withdrawn from the 73rd Demon Realm.
"Where is Baram? Shit, that Dokgak jerk!"
"…"

> "What are you doing here and why are the Demon Realm channels are running out of control? If you're going to do this, let me go there!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"What are you doing here and why are the Demon Realm's channels running out of control? If you're going to do something like this, then at least let me go there!"
```
Flows better?

Author: Yeah, it does flow better.

<!>[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is emitting a golden light.]
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is roaring!]
It was a place where stars stayed. It was a place that could never be reached with short human arms. Kyrgios also knew it. Thus, he tried. He tried and tried again.

> He stepped on the meteor fragments left behind by the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint and Kyrgios jumped higher and higher. He rushed towards the unreachable stars and the mortal existence who built his history through hard work finally reached the stars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
He stepped on the meteor fragments left behind by the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint and Kyrgios, jumping higher and higher. He rushed towards the unreachable stars and the mortal existences who had built their history through hard work and finally reached the stars.
```

I feel like it was talking about the constellations

Author: Also, this clips weird.

These parts are about Kim Dokja: "**He rushed towards the unreachable stars** and the mortal existences who had built their history through hard work **and finally reached the stars**."

It kind off jumbles together. I will propose an edit if it's what the raws say.

Author: Here's my pitch:

He stepped on the shards of the Meteor Slash left behind by the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint and Kyrgios jumped higher and higher. He rushed towards the unreachable stars, and the mortal who built his stories through grueling effort finally reached the seat of the stars.

Reviewer: Ok
